README.md, before:

# Pescador MVP

Pescador MVP is an MVP framework for GWT that builds on the standard MVP-related
classes provided by GWT.

It integrates several Java and GWT best practices. Features include: 

- A modular global application architecture.
- Dependency injection (using GIN/Guice).
- Command pattern for server calls (using gwt-dispatch) and caching of responses,
  including for JSONP calls.
- Testing and building with a single command (via Maven).
- While maintaining compatibility with standard GWT classes for MVP, it provides:
    - A generics-based mechanism for associating places, activities
    and views.
    - Facilities for storing key-value data in places.
    - The ability to associate activities and views with other kinds of state
    indicators besides places. 

Of course, it also supports all the other goodies that come with GWT, such as:

- Declarative, modularized HTML and CSS that's easy to read and easy 
for designers to work with (via UiBinder).
- Folding out of messages for easy internationalization.
- A global event bus.
- Client bundles for access to resources (like images), making for less traffic
to the server.
- Logging.
- Vetting of generated HTML and URIs for unsafe strings.
- Etc.


# How to use [TODO]

Add maven dependency
Alternately, include in build path


# Example application [TODO]

There's an example app you can walk through
Git to download just example app
More doc in that dir
Maven for building and running


# Building, running and hacking the source

# How to compile, run and debug

## Maven

The full project, including the example application, can be built by running the
following command from the parent project directory:

$ mvn -DtestTimeOut=120 clean install

To start up the development mode server for the example app, go to the
examples/jsonp directory and run:

$ mvn gwt:run

To create javadoc and test reports for the example/jsonp project, go to that
directory and run [TODO: fix, update this]:

$ mvn gwt:test site:site

The generated site will be at example/jsonp/target/site/project-info.html.

Alternately, to just perform tests and generate the test report, again from
the example/jsonp directory, run:

$ mvn -DtestTimeOut=120 gwt:test surefire-report:report 

Notes:
- gwt:test doesn't work immediately after a mvn clean has been run. mvn install
  must have been called first.
- surefire-report:report doesn't generate the CSS needed for a decent report;
  site:site has to be run first.
- The option -DtestTimeOut=120 allows for a longer timeout for the dedicated JVM
  used for tests requiring full GWT/browser context. 

GWT-based tests are configured to run in HtmlUnit. To run in a real browser,
change the gwt.test.mode property in example/jsonp/pom.xml.

## Eclipse

The Google Eclipse and Maven plugins are required. To add as an Eclipse
project, first run this command from the top-level directory:

$ mvn eclipse:clean

Then go to File > Import > Import Existing Maven Projects.

Once the projects have been imported into the Eclipse workspace, there
are a few things that have to be set up manually:

- Include additional directories on the build path in project
  configuration.
    - In pescadormvp and examples/jsonp projects, src/main/resources
    and src/test/resources should be included. 
    - In examples/jsonp, the directory target/generated-sources/gwt should
    also be included.
- Messages (for internationalization) are not generated automatically by Eclipse.
  Generate them by building with Maven directly.
- You can run and debug examples/jsonp from Eclipse as a Web Application.
- Maven and Eclipse don't always coordinate perfectly. Direct Maven
  builds, doing Project > Clean from Eclipse, and right-clicking on the
  projects and choosing Refresh or Maven > Update Project... usually help.
- If while debugging some sources are not found, try refreshing projects
  from Eclipse's Package Explorer.

Commit message:

Cleanup of internal link resources and utils included with Pescador MVP

README.md, after:

# Pescador MVP

Pescador MVP is an MVP framework for GWT that builds on the standard MVP-related
classes provided by GWT.

It integrates several Java and GWT best practices. Features include: 

- A modular global application architecture.
- Dependency injection (using GIN/Guice).
- Command pattern for server calls (using gwt-dispatch) and caching of responses,
  including for JSONP calls.
- Testing and building with a single command (via Maven).
- While maintaining compatibility with standard GWT classes for MVP, it provides:
    - A generics-based mechanism for associating places, activities
    and views.
    - Facilities for storing key-value data in places.
    - The ability to associate activities and views with other kinds of state
    indicators besides places. 

Of course, it also supports all the other goodies that come with GWT, such as:

- Declarative, modularized HTML and CSS that's easy to read and easy 
for designers to work with (via UiBinder).
- Folding out of messages for easy internationalization.
- A global event bus.
- Client bundles for access to resources (like images), making for less traffic
to the server.
- Logging.
- Vetting of generated HTML and URIs for unsafe strings.
- Etc.

It also includes some resources for creating internal links (to places in the
same GWT app) that are also native HTML links, and some miscellaneous utilities.


# How to use [TODO]

Add maven dependency
Alternately, include in build path


# Example application [TODO]

There's an example app you can walk through
Git to download just example app
More doc in that dir
Maven for building and running


# Building, running and hacking the source

# How to compile, run and debug

## Maven

The full project, including the example application, can be built by running the
following command from the parent project directory:

$ mvn -DtestTimeOut=120 clean install

To start up the development mode server for the example app, go to the
examples/jsonp directory and run:

$ mvn gwt:run

To create javadoc and test reports for the example/jsonp project, go to that
directory and run [TODO: fix, update this]:

$ mvn gwt:test site:site

The generated site will be at example/jsonp/target/site/project-info.html.

Alternately, to just perform tests and generate the test report, again from
the example/jsonp directory, run:

$ mvn -DtestTimeOut=120 gwt:test surefire-report:report 

Notes:
- gwt:test doesn't work immediately after a mvn clean has been run. mvn install
  must have been called first.
- surefire-report:report doesn't generate the CSS needed for a decent report;
  site:site has to be run first.
- The option -DtestTimeOut=120 allows for a longer timeout for the dedicated JVM
  used for tests requiring full GWT/browser context. 

GWT-based tests are configured to run in HtmlUnit. To run in a real browser,
change the gwt.test.mode property in example/jsonp/pom.xml.

## Eclipse

The Google Eclipse and Maven plugins are required. To add as an Eclipse
project, first run this command from the top-level directory:

$ mvn eclipse:clean

Then go to File > Import > Import Existing Maven Projects.

Once the projects have been imported into the Eclipse workspace, there
are a few things that have to be set up manually:

- Include additional directories on the build path in project
  configuration.
    - In pescadormvp and examples/jsonp projects, src/main/resources
    and src/test/resources should be included. 
    - In examples/jsonp, the directory target/generated-sources/gwt should
    also be included.
- Messages (for internationalization) are not generated automatically by Eclipse.
  Generate them by building with Maven directly.
- You can run and debug examples/jsonp from Eclipse as a Web Application.
- Maven and Eclipse don't always coordinate perfectly. Direct Maven
  builds, doing Project > Clean from Eclipse, and right-clicking on the
  projects and choosing Refresh or Maven > Update Project... usually help.
- If while debugging some sources are not found, try refreshing projects
  from Eclipse's Package Explorer.
